hello I'm Nick the face I'm 18 years old
I'm from Holland here and live with my
dad and sister at home and I love
raising for me it's really important to
be part of the young driver program of
McLaren I think it's been really useful
for me to getting the support quite
early so I've been I'm now like a
certain level I never stay at the MTC is
for me mainly training with our training
assignment and meeting meeting people at
McLaren evaluating test races the speed
and definitely competition always
measuring or comparing yourself to
others and trying trying to be the best
of them yeah I think racing drivers in
general really competitive like anything
anything we do in life we we like to see
as like a competition my dad was
involved in motor sport and for my
fourth birthday I got a baby card the
first time I'm really really scared for
the noise but they told me to put some
like paper props in my ear to avoid the
noise so eventually I had I had to go
and I realized it was actually it was
quite good I think my best race was the
World Championship in 2010 I was
struggling to catch the leader all race
and in the last last lap I managed to
overtake him and and win the World
Championship
I'm currently racing in the Formula
Renault 2-liter Euro Cup championship in
longer terms my my dream is to to become
a Formula one champion that is far ahead
the moment I'm focusing on on winning
the the Euro Cup title this year
you